Since its success with the Apollo program,
the Kalman filter has become one of
the most practical algorithms in the field of controls engineering.
Today the Kalman filter is applied in many different disciplines within
engineering the Kalman filter is often used to
estimate the state of a system when the measurements are noisy.
For example, the fluid level in a tank,
or as you saw earlier, position tracking of a mobile robot.
Outside of engineering, the Kalman filter is very
popular in the field of economics, for instance,
to estimate the exchange rate of a particular currency or the global domestic product,
a measure of a country's economic well being.
Computer vision is another big user of the Kalman filter,
for many different applications including feature tracking